He's over here!
Bestado!
This is it?
- What'd you expect?
- I guess.
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
"I want to be free."
"I want to live in
the free skies."
That was my wish.
You look so beautiful, milady.
Yes! Simply radiant!
Make haste. You mustn't
keep the prince waiting.
Juana, this should be common
sense, but do not behave curtly.
Do as you were taught and
you ought to be fine.
Just as you were taught.
Do you think His Highness will
propose to Lady Juana this eve?
Indeed. With the Levamme royal
family's backing, the del
Moral's prosperity is assured!
Truly an event
worth celebrating.
Welcome to San Maltilia,
Your Highness.
You must be tired after
such a long journey.
These days, traveling is a
far from comfortable affair.
Are the Amatsukami army not
causing trouble on the mainland,
as well?
Yes. A persistent lot, they are.
They are a vulgar
bunch, to be sure.
- They refuse to stay down.
- Pardon me!
- Coming through.
- Please, excuse me.
- Pardon.
- Excuse me.
Welcome to San Maltilia,
Prince Carlo.
Battalion Commander of the
Levamme Air Force, Eastern
Expeditionary Deployment,
Domingo Garcia.
Word of your efforts
has reached me.
That is such an honor!
To think Your Highness would
come to such a distant pla oh!
- She's here!
- The princess!
Lady Juana!
Juana, let us go. The prince
has waited long enough.
Juana, offer your greetings
to Prince Carlo.
It is a pleasure to
meet you, Prince Carlo.
How I have longed for
this day's arrival...
I thank God for
this fated meeting.
Ahh, Juana...
I had prepared countless
phrases to express my love,
but they pale in comparison
to your absolute splendor.
Juana, I would ask that you
pledge to live the rest of your
life together with me.
I humbly accept
your kind proposal.
I hereby promise to make you the
happiest woman in all the world!
However, our homeland is in
turmoil due to the ongoing war
with the Amatsukami people...
One year.
I vow to defeat the Amatsukami
army within one year and end
this struggle.
Please, wait for me until then.
In one year's time, you will be
Princess of Levamme, and the del
Moral family will be secure.
It has already been over a
year since the betrothal,
and yet the war only escalates.
I wonder, what will become of
your marriage to Prince Carlo?
There is no need to worry.
I am certain Prince Carlo
has not lapsed on his vow.
Sending you letters nearly every
day... Truly, he is a kind and
sincere man.
The prince is a special one.
You will never find a man so
honest and awe-inspiring
anywhere else.
Come, you two. It is time for
Her Highness to get some rest.
Yes'm.
Well then, goodnight, milady.
Father?
Father!
- Milady, please escape!
- The Amatsukami planes are !
My father! My father is...
- Please hurry!
- Come quickly!
Milady, are you safe?
Lady Juana!
- Milady, milady!
- Milady! Lady Juana!
Hurry! Everyone out!
Wh-What did you say?
What do you mean, "They
were after Lady Juana"?
Taking the life of the
princess-to-be...
is clearly their attempt to
strike a blow to all our troops'
morale!
Then her life is
still in danger...
There is no need to worry.
I had received a communique
earlier that claimed, by Prince
Carlo's orders,
that the 8th Special Naval Fleet
has set forth from our homeland.
Then, Lady Juana will finally
be at Prince Carlo's side.
The day has come at last.
Dammit!
Did that shake him!?
What!?
Hey Charles, how long
are you gonna sleep?
Oh. Mornin', Joaquin.
Good morning, my foot!
It's already way past roll call.
You were having a nightmare.
Still dreaming of that time you
got shot down?
Yeah...
They told you not to seriously
engage a Shinden, didn't they?
No matter your skills, there's
no way you could've won.
Just the fact that you're
alive is a miracle.
Regardless, those things
are like monsters.
Man, if only Levamme had
planes like those...
Charles!?
Eat later.
Go and wash these.
And be careful with 'em!
Us mercenaries aren't
here to be your moms...
What'd you say!?
Did some merc ju
Wh-Why would you even protect
a good-for-nothin' bestado?
It's fine, Joaquin.
But !
I said it's fine.
I'm used to it.
At least he understands
his place.
Filthy bestado.
Say it again, you
Drop it, Joaquin.
Yeah! Get 'em, Joaquin!
Karino, Airman 1st Class!
Is Charles Karino,
Airman 1st Class, here?
Present, sir!
There is an urgent matter to
discuss. Come with me to the
briefing room.
Sir!
Why is scum like him
being called in?
Charles Karino,
Airman 1st Class...
Your father is from Levamme.
Your mother, Amatsukami.
A bestado, then?
Sir!
The lowest class by birth... A
sewer rat raised in the slums...
How did you manage to survive?
Thievery? Begging?
When I was seven years old,
I was granted a job here at
Almeria Airfield as a general
custodian.
And how did you learn
to fly an aircraft?
I learned naturally by
observing others, sir.
Hmph. Stole others' abilities
with your eyes, then.
As a rat would.
But in mock battles, he
regularly shoots down our own
aces with ease.
One cannot deny that he is the
best pilot in all of San
Maltilia.
I see.
I am to give you a mission
of vital importance.
Sir!
You are to transport a certain
individual in a reconnaissance
seaplane,
and safely deliver
them to the mainland.
There will be no escort.
Can you do this?
It will be difficult to
break through enemy lines.
But it can be done.
- Have you flown solo over the
Central Sea? - I have not.
Of course not.
Lieutenant Colonel...
Sir?
How would you proceed?
It's about 12,000
kilometers to the mainland.
To fly that distance in a
reconnaissance seaplane,
it will require three overnight
stops on the water to recharge
the hydrogen fuel cells.
And the troublesome spots?
The most dangerous zone
is definitely here
The Great Waterfall.
If we can break through the
enemy's tight patrol net here,
we should be able to reach
the mainland without incident.
However, the Shindens are a
real and present threat here.
If I'm discovered by a Shinden
and they give pursuit, it will
be difficult for an average
plane to escape.
You will use the latest
reconnaissance seaplane for this
mission
The Santa Cruz.
The Santa...Cruz?
Its mobility far surpasses all
preceding reconnaissance crafts.
Its top speed is 620 km/h.
While still no match for a
Shinden, it is among the fastest
planes in existence.
Anything else?
One more thing.
Slipping undetected through the
enemy's patrols around San
Maltilia
immediately after
takeoff will be tough.
That will not be an issue.
All of San Maltilia's
forces will act as a decoy.
- Huh? The entire ?
- Anything else?
N-No, sir.
Fine.
Then I entrust the top secret
mission of escorting our next
princess, Juana del Moral...
solely to you.
You will deliver Prince
Carlo's bride to him.
I-If I may...
I'd heard that the 8th Special
Naval Fleet had been dispatched
for such a mission.
The Special Naval Fleet came
under a full-scale attack near
the Great Waterfall...
and was annihilated.
If we were to be utterly
defeated by the likes of them,
the reputation of the Levamme
Royal House would be questioned.
And depending on the peace
faction's response, continuing
this war may become
impossible...
We cannot accept
a ceasefire now!
And that's where you come in!
You will protect our princess as
you fly her through enemy lines!
You will put her on the ship
that comes to meet you.
And as the sole survivors
of the Special Navy Fleet,
they will return her
to the mainland!
Are we clear!?
I shall do everything in my
power to accomplish this
mission!
So it shall be. Await
further orders.
Sir!
Our future princess's life is
under the aegis of a bestado...
What is our world coming to?
- Nice one, Charles! - You're
hardcore, you know that!?
I bet them enlisted bastards
are feelin' it now!
Suck on that!
What's with the
glum face, Charles?
You nervous?
N-No...
Don't worry! You can do it!
Not like you'll be fighting.
You just gotta make sure
you don't get caught!
Plus, we're gonna
be your decoys!
Decoys... I'm sorry
about this...
Don't worry about it. Acting
as decoys is a fine duty!
We're not gonna die or anything!
Us mercs are tougher
than cockroaches!
You just deliver that
princess and get back here.
Yeah. It's a promise.
All right, boys!
No one's gonna die!
We'll get through
this safe and sound,
and return to toast our
successful mission!
Yeah!
We will now begin the mission!
The Fighter Wing will
launch immediately.
The Support Wing and Bomber Wing
will both depart 15 minutes
after!
You will act as decoys for
Levamme's next princess, Juana
del Moral!
Draw all enemy fighters
away from San Maltilia!
Engage them as long
as humanly possible,
and show them the glory
of the Levamme Air Force!
All hands, prepare for takeoff!
Sir!
Karino. With me.
Good luck!
Leave the diversion to us!
Under normal circumstances, one
such as you would never be
allowed to lay eyes on her.
Speak no more than necessary.
Answer all inquiries
with "yes" or "no."
Do not taint Lady Juana
with your foul mouth.
Understood?
Sir!
We apologize for
making you wait.
This is Airman 1st Class Karino,
the one we have chosen for this
mission.
He is quite young...
Be at ease.
The military vouches for
his piloting skills.
He was carefully selected from
among the best pilots in the
whole Levamme Air Force.
When you board the plane,
look by your feet.
My parting gift.
We're counting on you.
We can't load all that!
Nonsense!
There is no way such a
small amount won't fit!
But if it's weighed down, the
plane can't go as fast...
You can plainly see we've
packed only what is necessary!
What? All this!?
Lady Juana requires every
one of these items!
We can omit nothing else!
So, if you please, load it all!
Uh, I...
Understood... We'll
load it right away.
I knew it could be done.
How rude.
Here.
Right in here.
Please watch your step.
Do be careful out there.
Understand, Karino?
Failure is not an option.
Yes, sir. I will put
my all into this.
Stack, start!
Clear the front!
Princess, can you hear me?
Yes.
We will now take off.
Understood.
Milady!
Milady! Be careful!
I will pray for your safety!
- Milady!
Flight tower to Santa Cruz.
You are clear for takeoff.
Best of luck.
Roger that.
Here we go...
All systems normal.
Princess, I was informed you
completed lookout training.
Correct.
In that case, please watch
our rear while in flight.
Understood.
Let's rest here for today.
I also have a request.
Please discard everything
you don't need.
The Santa Cruz is a
very fast plane.
However, no matter how fast it
is, if the plane is weighed
down, it'll be slow.
Meaning we are more
likely to be shot down.
Is that so? All right, then.
Okay. If you please.
All right.
Princess!
Right here!
Are you all right?
I apologize.
I fell right in...
Please be careful.
Enemy ships! They're
heading this way!
Please get in your seat.
We have to move!
Forget the luggage! Now!
All right...!
We managed to get away.
Yes...
It's extracting hydrogen
gas from the seawater.
It'll do so overnight, which
will restore the fuel in the
tank for tomorrow's flight.
It's probably best
to change, too.
I have no other outfit...
My luggage fell
into the ocean...
I
I'm sorry for causing
you so much trouble...
No, that isn't the case.
Anyway, I'm going
to get some sleep.
Um...
Yes?
Where are you going
to sleep, Sir Pilot?
The cockpit.
In that cramped space?
I'm used to it. I sleep better
in there than a makeshift bed.
When you go to sleep,
please put that flame out.
Sure.
This song...
Okay, let's go.
Please watch our
rear today, as well.
Okay...
I saw something shimmer between
the clouds to your right.
I don't see anything.
There, it was behind
that large cloud.
That's...the enemy fleet!
They aren't pursuing us.
They're moving away.
Excellent eye.
Well done.
But why is their fleet out here?
Last night, too...
Are they predicting
our flightpath?
What happens if they are?
If they know of this mission,
they'll probably send a wing of
their best fighters to attack
us.
If that happens, there's
zero chance of us surviving.
The only weapon this plane
has is that rear-mounted gun.
Did you receive any
gunnery training?
No...
Then we have an even
smaller chance to survive.
This mission is top secret.
It was carefully plotted
by our top commanders.
I doubt the possibility that our
mission could've been leaked.
If we're able to keep this pace,
we'll reach Scion Island the day
after tomorrow.
Isn't our destination
the capital?
My mission is to deliver you to
a battleship near Scion Island.
The plan calls for the
triumphant return of a lone
battleship
the miraculous survivor of
the 8th Special Naval Fleet.
But...isn't that
falsifying history?
Sir Pilot, are you
okay with that?
Are you okay with your
accomplishments being stolen?
I'll receive significant
compensation for it.
A sum of money that mercenaries
like me could never hope to earn
in one lifetime.
I'll enjoy myself enough
for three lifetimes!
After this mission is
over, I'll quit all this.
I'll go and live a carefree
life on some island.
Is that so?
The enemy?
Yeah.
It's okay. They aren't
heading this way.
They're searching
for something...
This doesn't feel right.
Um, Sir Pilot...
Yes?
Is it possible for the
Amatsukami army to have
decrypted a coded transmission?
The odds are pretty low.
Our military leaders
aren't fools.
Prince Carlo sent me a letter.
Letter?
"Shoved into the small rear seat
of a reconnaissance plane..."
"Crossing the Central
Sea without escorts..."
"I'm sorry that you're
in this situation..."
So he said...
Of course he would.
And...that letter...
was sent using our military's
wireless transmission system.
What!?
Was that a bad thing to do?
Sir Pilot?
The mission's been
compromised...
Yesterday, scores of
planes left as decoys...
They attacked the enemy base,
knowing they were lambs to the
slaughter.
- Doesn't the Prince understand
our situation? - Um...
The prince was worried
about me, and
As long as his
precious bride's safe,
it doesn't matter what
happens to us soldiers?
Th-That's not...
The prince is...
He's sincere and honest!
Yeah, so honest he doesn't
think to doubt others!
He didn't even think that his
transmission could be decrypted!
We don't know for certain
that our mission was leaked.
The two of us have a
chance, together.
You have excellent eyes.
You were as good a lookout
as any airman today.
I'm not...
We'll spot the enemy before
they spot us and run.
As long as we can do that,
we'll definitely make it.
Will I really be of help?
I'm counting on you.
Okay!
Let's get some rest.
Okay.
Sorry about yelling before.
Okay...
Well, goodnight.
Goodnight.
Sir Pilot?
P-Princess!
What were you trying
to do just then?
I'm sorry.
I was thinking of letting
you sleep in here.
I wanted you...to get a
good night's rest...
I'm used to the cockpit. Really.
Besides, I'm so worried about
your constant trips right into
the ocean, I can't sleep.
The beautiful blue sea that I
saw from my chamber's window...
It seemed so refreshing. I
always wanted to swim in it.
But to think my wish would
come true like this is...
Personally, I'd say you were
drowning, not swimming.
Yeah...
It's strange...
I feel as though this isn't
our first time meeting.
Why, I wonder...?
Why do we have to work
with this filthy bestado?
Must be the brat's mother.
Don't ask me why, but the
princess is quite taken with
her.
They should just kick those
dirty rats out of the mansion!
What's wrong?
Do you work in the garden?
Are you crying?
Did something bad happen to you?
It's nothing. I'm not crying.
Flowers bloom toward the sky.
Since flowers can't leave the
ground, they long for the free,
open sky.
Free and open?
That's what Chise said.
- Lady Juana! Where are you?
- Princess, where are you?
Sorry, I have to go.
Sir Pilot?
Siiiir Piiiilot...
We'll cross the Great
Waterfall today.
The enemy patrol is
the tightest here.
Please be even more
vigilant than before.
Right!
Huh?
What's wrong?
I could see the sky through
the clouds before...
Yeah, so...?
Just now, the break between
the clouds was completely dark.
Shit!
Surrounded... The mission
was definitely leaked.
Incoming missiles!
I don't need a lookout anymore!
Talk now and you'll bite your
tongue!
This is gonna get rough!
Keep your head down!
I'm sorry.
Sir Pilot?
Sir Pilot!
Shin...dens...
Sir Pilot! Sir Pilot!
Stay strong, Sir Pilot!
Forgive me, Lord.
Why won't it...?
Sir Pilot!
Overboost, huh?
Crafty little...
I'm sorry...
I...couldn't do anything...
Juana... I will protect you.
Just talk to me...
If I don't stay
engaged, I might faint.
Hang in there!
Once you complete this mission,
you'll be rich and live a
carefree life, right?
No...
This isn't about money.
Then, why?
This mission calls for
me to save a life.
Not to take lives away,
like all my other missions.
Even if it's only one time...
I want to complete a mission
that I can be proud of.
Surviving for so long
in a Levamme plane...
That's some skill...
Damn, why can't I hit him!?
Shinden Flight Squad Six, you
will soon exit the flagship's
transmission range!
Return at once!
We've chased him all this way.
Like hell I'm turning back now.
Sir Pilot, hang in there!
I love it.
What?
I love flying in the sky...
The sky is wonderful.
Your social status
doesn't matter up here.
You're free.
Damn!
Enough. Abandon pursuit.
But, First Lieutenant Chijiwa !
We're returning.
Damn!
The enemy...
We've escaped!
We're going to crash, Sir Pilot!
You can do it!
We've crossed the waterfall!
Just a bit farther...
You can do this, Sir Pilot!
Hang in there!
Sir Pilot!
Sir Pilot...
Until your sadness ends...
Just close your eyes for now,
and let me protect you in my
breast...
When you open your eyes,
is not something there?
When you reach tomorrow,
something surely awaits...
Good morning, Sir Pilot!
How do you feel?
P-Princess, your hair!
Oh, this? It was in
my way, so I cut it.
Does this look suit me?
Yeah...
What'll you do?
I really pushed it too far.
I have to move it
inland and repair it.
Let me help!
What do you mean?
So you're saying I should just
relax as an injured person toils
away?
How wonderful!
That song...
The woman who cared for me when
I was little taught it to me.
It's pretty, isn't it?
When I was a kid, I would listen
to that song as I fell asleep.
My mother and I worked at the
del Moral household years ago.
I worked in the garden, and
my mother was a maid...
You mean... You're Chise's...?
I'm Chise Karino's son...
Charles Karino.
You still remember my mother.
There's no way I
would forget her.
When I was little, I was scared
of the dark and couldn't sleep.
But if I tried to sleep in my
mother's chambers, I would get
scolded.
During those days, Chise
would secretly stay by my side.
Here, inside my warmth...
Until your sadness ends...
Just for now, close your eyes,
and let me protect...
But then, my father found out...
Get out of here this instant!
Because of me... Chise...
My mother never
forgot you, either.
She spoke about you
so many times.
Is Chise...doing well?
She died soon after
we left the mansion.
Your mother...
taught me kindness.
Chise... I want to see Chise!
I'm sure my mother is grateful
to hear how you feel about her.
So wipe those tears away. You
can mourn for her once you're
safe in the capital.
I don't want to go
to the capital...
I want to discard my house and
family name, and fly through the
skies forever!
You said you were going to live
carefree on some island, right?
Take me with you!
- I !
- Princess!
I can't.
Everyone shares the same wish...
For you to be with the prince.
You... You won't
listen to my wish?
You mustn't!
Okay, give me the bottle.
No!
Please stop!
If you drink more, it'll
hinder tomorrow's flight!
Like I care!
If you want it, come get it.
You coward!
H-How am I a coward?
Because!
Last night, you said social
status doesn't matter!
And just one night
later, you deny it!
Well, that's...
Forget it. I feel like an idiot.
Compared to you, Prince
Carlo is so much better!
He's handsome, and sincere...
And handsome!
Princess, don't mess around...
I never mess around!
I'm always serious!
So...dance with me!
Right now...?
I...I cannot.
Why not?
I'm not a noble.
I don't know how to dance.
In that case, I'll teach you!
P-Princess!
Please stop!
Princess, I can't...!
All right. Why
don't we rest now?
Princess?
Are you okay?
U-Um...
Yes?
Last night... Well...
There's good cloud cover today.
Let's get moving. This'll
be the final flight.
Yes.
We'll reach Scion
Island this afternoon.
That's where we'll part.
You're okay with that?
Let's focus on reaching our
destination safely for now.
I expect the enemy fleet
to still be in the area.
We saw those patrol planes.
They probably know we were
hiding on one of the islands
around there.
So...
Yes?
Teach me how to fire this gun.
The day before last, even though
I pulled the trigger, nothing
happened.
That's because the safety's on.
Where's that?
On the gun's left side.
Oh, this?
I can shoot now?
- You could, but... - You said
the two of us have a chance,
right?
Understood.
Okay, I'll let you
know when to shoot.
It's hard to land a hit, so
please just keep firing.
Sure!
But with today's great cloud
coverage, they won't find us
easi
They're so close...
Were we discovered already?
Behind, to your left!
Seven ships are
coming from below!
I'll lose them!
Heavy cruisers?
I'll plow through
with overboost!
It worked!
Let's escape by
hiding in the clouds.
Perhaps I spoke too soon.
Just one plane?
That's...
What's he...?
He's requesting a
one-on-one fight.
The tradition of the
Amatsukami duel.
Like the samurai, right?
It's the surest method
to take us down.
More so than a group of amateurs
pursuing us, a single highly
skilled pilot is a frightening
thing.
So...how will you respond?
If we can escape,
we'll have won.
Show me your skills.
This is it, Princess.
He's dangerous, but
together, we will succeed!
Yes! Together!
Your upper left! He's coming!
Why isn't he firing?
He won't waste any ammo until
he has a perfectly clear shot.
I won't lose to you.
I won't lose...
I can't lose after
making it all this way.
I believe...
I believe in you!
How about this?
Damn!
Follow me. I've been
saving this one...
Now!
Victory is mine!
Juana!
Still airborne after that?
He's our foe, but
he's very skilled.
I was careless...
I wasn't expecting that...
Let's go!
Our flight is at an end.
All that's left is to
wait for the envoy.
I want to take this
with me to the capital.
When I look at it now,
I see it as a friend.
Then that makes you
a pilot as well.
To a pilot, his plane is his
comrade that risks its life with
him in combat.
I'm a...pilot?
You shot down an enemy plane,
so you've earned the title.
Only because you
gave me the order.
You shouted my name, didn't you?
Juana!
I thought it was the end for
us, so impulsively, I...
Oh, really?
I'm sorry.
I helped, didn't I?
I want you to come to
the capital with me.
They won't allow it.
That doesn't feel right to me.
The ones who rescue you must be
the special forces, not some
mercenary.
Then at least board the ship
with me and participate in the
ceremony!
So...
If I did that, I
wouldn't get the reward.
You said it wasn't
about the money!
M-Mercenaries only
work for money.
That's the type of man I am.
- That's a lie!
- It isn't!
So you're fine with us never
meeting again, Charles?
They sent something
impressive for you.
They'll never allow me
to set foot on that.
Let me take a look at you.
I pray that sadness never
again befalls you.
I wouldn't have made
it here on my own.
This only happened because
I had you with me.
I feel the same...
Without you...
You are my hope. For
now, and forever.
Get away from her!
Know your place, you rat!
What are you doing!?
Please stand back.
This way, milady.
Wait! What are you doing?
Stop it!
Bring Charles, too!
Go on, check the contents.
Hurry it up!
Let's see...
How nice for you.
I'll keep quiet about what
I witnessed. Be grateful.
After all, were I to tell them,
they would put you in front of a
firing squad.
Let me go! Bring him, too!
Charles, raise your head!
Aren't you proud of yourself!?
- You did something no one
else could! - Push off!
You shouldn't feel
inferior to these men!
Say something, Charles!
Charles!
This is beyond offensive!
Is this how the proud
Levamme Royal Family acts!?
He risked his life to
complete this mission!
And you simply toss him a treat
like a dog and abandon him...
Is this how humans
ought to behave!?
Princess, please calm yourself.
It seems Her Highness was
deceived by that pilot.
Perhaps he played the role
of knight in front of you,
but when he saw the gold spread
before him, his true colors
emerged.
That ill-born face, drooling
at the sight of gold dust...
I would have enjoyed
showing you that!
That's...
The Santa Cruz!
Charles!
What is that fool trying to do!?
Please let me say good-bye!
Impossible.
Please, try not to do anything
that could be misinterpreted.
Why is saying good-bye to the
man who saved my life wrong?
Does our future princess intend
to show us another embarrassing
spectacle?
Let me pass!
Get out of my way!
Is that an order?
Could you refrain from ordering
our men until after you've
entered the Royal Family?
Unless you learn how these
matters work, this will be
problematic...
Now then, come over
here quietly...
Stand back!
Erm, this is...um...
Let her through.
Juana...
Oh, sorry!
- Who's that?
- Hell if I know.
Charles...
Charles is dancing...!
Charles!
Thank you, Charles!
Thank you!